README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<h1 align="center">Search4All</h1>
The opensource AI search platform
<br/>
<a href="https://search2ai.online/website" target="_blank"> Live Demo </a>
<br/>
<img width="70%" src="https://github.com/leptonai/search_with_lepton/assets/1506722/845d7057-02cd-404e-bbc7-60f4bae89680">
</div>

## About me
[X](https://sum4all.site/twitter)\
[telegram](https://sum4all.site/telegram)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/fatwang2" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

## Features
- Integrated support for LLMs, such as OpenAI, Groq, and Claude.
- Native search engine integration, including Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo and SearXNG Search.
- Customizable, visually appealing user interface.
- Shareable and cached search results for enhanced efficiency.

## Setup Search Engine API
Choose your search service

### Search1API
Search1API is a versatile search aggregation service that enables you to perform searches across Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo, and also retrieve clear content from URLs. [search1api website]( https://go.search1api.com/homepage)

### Bing Search
To use the Bing Web Search API, please visit [this link](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/bing/apis/bing-web-search-api) to obtain your Bing subscription key.

### Google Search
You have three options for Google Search: you can use the [SearchApi Google Search API](https://www.searchapi.io/) from SearchApi, [Serper Google Search API](https://www.serper.dev) from Serper, or opt for the [Programmable Search Engine](https://developers.google.com/custom-search) provided by Google.

### SearXNG Search
you can host your personal [SearXNG server](https://github.com/searxng/searxng), then you do not need pay for the search api. You just need provide the server address in `SEARXNG_BASE_URL`, plz be sure you enable the json format for the SearXNG server.

## Deployment
### Zeabur
Just click on it

<a href="https://zeabur.com/templates/YHKPET?referralCode=fatwang2"><img src="https://zeabur.com/button.svg" alt="Deploy on Zeabur"/></a>

### Docker
Change the environment variables and run the docker
```
docker run -d --name search4all -e OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-XXX -e OPENAI_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1 -e LLM_MODEL=gpt-3.5-turbo-0125 -e RELATED_QUESTIONS=1 -e SEARCH1API_KEY=XXX -e BACKEND=SEARCH1API -p 8800:8800 docker.io/fatwang2/search4all
```

### Docker-Compose
1. Download the docker-compose file on your mechine
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fatwang2/search4all/main/docker-compose.yml
```
2. Change the environment variables in the file

3. Run the docker
```
docker compose up -d
```

### Manual
1. install the requirements.txt
```shell
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
2. Set you LLM
```shell
export OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-XXX
OPENAI_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1
LLM_MODEL=gpt-3.5-turbo-0125
RELATED_QUESTIONS=1
NODE_ENV=production
```
3. Set your key of search
```shell
export SEARCH1API_KEY=YOUR_SEARCH1API_KEY
```
4. Build web
```shell
cd web && npm install && npm run build
```
5. Run server
```shell
BACKEND=SEARCH1API python3 search4all.py
```
## Environment Variable
This project provides some additional configuration items set with environment variables:

| Environment Variable | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                               | Example                                                                                                              |
| -------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY`     | Yes      | This is the API key you apply on the OpenAI account page                                                                                                                  | `sk-xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `OPENAI_BASE_URL`   | No       | If you manually configure the OpenAI interface proxy, you can use this configuration item to override the default OpenAI API request base URL                             | OpenAI: `https://api.openai.com/v1`<br/>Groq: `https://api.groq.com/openai/v1` |                                                           |
| `GROQ_API_KEY`     | No      | This is the API key you apply on the Groq account page                                                                                                                  | `gsk_xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`     | No      | This is the API key you apply on the Claude account page                                                                                                                  | `sk-ant-xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `LLM_MODEL`      | Yes       | The model you want to use,support all chat models of openai, groq and claude. | `gpt-3.5-turbo-0125,mixtral-8x7b-32768,claude-3-haiku-20240307...`   
| `RELATED_QUESTIONS`      | No       | Show the related questions. | `1`   
| `NODE_ENV`      | No       | The environment required for deployment is necessary only during manual deployment. | `production`   
| `BACKEND`      | Yes       | The search service you want. | `SEARCH1API,BING,GOOGLE,SERPER,SEARCHAPI,SEARXNG`   
| `CHAT_HISTORY`      | No       | Continue to ask about the results | `1`   
| `SEARCH1API_KEY`      | Yes       | If you choose SEARCH1API. | `xxx`   
| `BING_SEARCH_V7_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY`      | No       | If you choose BING. | `xxx`   
| `GOOGLE_SEARCH_CX`      | No       | If you choose GOOGLE. | `xxxx`   
| `GOOGLE_SEARCH_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose GOOGLE. | `xxx`   
| `SEARCHAPI_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose SEARCHAPI. | `xxx`   
| `SERPER_SEARCH_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose SERPER. | `xxx`
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS`      | No       | You can use Google Analytics to know how many users you have on your website. | MEASUREMENT ID,you can find on your google analytics account,like `G-XXXXXX`
| `SEARXNG_BASE_URL` | No       | the hosted serxng server address. it is required when the BACKEND is `SEARXNG` | `https://serxng.xxx.com/`



## TODO
- [ ] Support Lepton
- [ ] Support continuous search
- [ ] Support More LLMs
- [x] Support Searxng Search
- [x] Support Claude
- [x] Support Groq
- [x] Support back to home when searching
- [x] Support continuous talk about the results
- [x] Support Google Analytics
- [x] Support the related questions by function calling
- [x] Support the Docker
- [x] Support the Docker-Compose
- [x] Support the Zeabur

Commit message:

Update logic to provide environment variables to override system prompts

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<h1 align="center">Search4All</h1>
The opensource AI search platform
<br/>
<a href="https://search2ai.online/website" target="_blank"> Live Demo </a>
<br/>
<img width="70%" src="https://github.com/leptonai/search_with_lepton/assets/1506722/845d7057-02cd-404e-bbc7-60f4bae89680">
</div>

## About me
[X](https://sum4all.site/twitter)\
[telegram](https://sum4all.site/telegram)

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/fatwang2" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 60px !important;width: 217px !important;" ></a>

## Features
- Integrated support for LLMs, such as OpenAI, Groq, and Claude.
- Native search engine integration, including Google, Bing, DuckDuckGo and SearXNG Search.
- Customizable, visually appealing user interface.
- Shareable and cached search results for enhanced efficiency.

## Setup Search Engine API
Choose your search service

### Search1API
Search1API is a versatile search aggregation service that enables you to perform searches across Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo, and also retrieve clear content from URLs. [search1api website]( https://go.search1api.com/homepage)

### Bing Search
To use the Bing Web Search API, please visit [this link](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/bing/apis/bing-web-search-api) to obtain your Bing subscription key.

### Google Search
You have three options for Google Search: you can use the [SearchApi Google Search API](https://www.searchapi.io/) from SearchApi, [Serper Google Search API](https://www.serper.dev) from Serper, or opt for the [Programmable Search Engine](https://developers.google.com/custom-search) provided by Google.

### SearXNG Search
you can host your personal [SearXNG server](https://github.com/searxng/searxng), then you do not need pay for the search api. You just need provide the server address in `SEARXNG_BASE_URL`, plz be sure you enable the json format for the SearXNG server.

## Deployment
### Zeabur
Just click on it

<a href="https://zeabur.com/templates/YHKPET?referralCode=fatwang2"><img src="https://zeabur.com/button.svg" alt="Deploy on Zeabur"/></a>

### Docker
Change the environment variables and run the docker
```
docker run -d --name search4all -e OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-XXX -e OPENAI_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1 -e LLM_MODEL=gpt-3.5-turbo-0125 -e RELATED_QUESTIONS=1 -e SEARCH1API_KEY=XXX -e BACKEND=SEARCH1API -p 8800:8800 docker.io/fatwang2/search4all
```

### Docker-Compose
1. Download the docker-compose file on your mechine
```
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fatwang2/search4all/main/docker-compose.yml
```
2. Change the environment variables in the file

3. Run the docker
```
docker compose up -d
```

### Manual
1. install the requirements.txt
```shell
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
2. Set you LLM
```shell
export OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-XXX
OPENAI_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1
LLM_MODEL=gpt-3.5-turbo-0125
RELATED_QUESTIONS=1
NODE_ENV=production
```
3. Set your key of search
```shell
export SEARCH1API_KEY=YOUR_SEARCH1API_KEY
```
4. Build web
```shell
cd web && npm install && npm run build
```
5. Run server
```shell
BACKEND=SEARCH1API python3 search4all.py
```
## Environment Variable
This project provides some additional configuration items set with environment variables:

| Environment Variable | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                               | Example                                                                                                              |
| -------------------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `OPENAI_API_KEY`     | Yes      | This is the API key you apply on the OpenAI account page                                                                                                                  | `sk-xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `OPENAI_BASE_URL`   | No       | If you manually configure the OpenAI interface proxy, you can use this configuration item to override the default OpenAI API request base URL                             | OpenAI: `https://api.openai.com/v1`<br/>Groq: `https://api.groq.com/openai/v1` |                                                           |
| `GROQ_API_KEY`     | No      | This is the API key you apply on the Groq account page                                                                                                                  | `gsk_xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY`     | No      | This is the API key you apply on the Claude account page                                                                                                                  | `sk-ant-xxxxxx...xxxxxx`                                                                                                 |
| `LLM_MODEL`      | Yes       | The model you want to use,support all chat models of openai, groq and claude. | `gpt-3.5-turbo-0125,mixtral-8x7b-32768,claude-3-haiku-20240307...`
| `RELATED_QUESTIONS`      | No       | Show the related questions. | `1`
| `NODE_ENV`      | No       | The environment required for deployment is necessary only during manual deployment. | `production`
| `BACKEND`      | Yes       | The search service you want. | `SEARCH1API,BING,GOOGLE,SERPER,SEARCHAPI,SEARXNG`
| `CHAT_HISTORY`      | No       | Continue to ask about the results | `1`
| `SEARCH1API_KEY`      | Yes       | If you choose SEARCH1API. | `xxx`
| `BING_SEARCH_V7_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY`      | No       | If you choose BING. | `xxx`
| `GOOGLE_SEARCH_CX`      | No       | If you choose GOOGLE. | `xxxx`
| `GOOGLE_SEARCH_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose GOOGLE. | `xxx`
| `SEARCHAPI_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose SEARCHAPI. | `xxx`
| `SERPER_SEARCH_API_KEY`      | No       | If you choose SERPER. | `xxx`
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_GOOGLE_ANALYTICS`      | No       | You can use Google Analytics to know how many users you have on your website. | MEASUREMENT ID,you can find on your google analytics account,like `G-XXXXXX`
| `SEARXNG_BASE_URL` | No       | the hosted serxng server address. it is required when the BACKEND is `SEARXNG` | `https://serxng.xxx.com/`
| `SYSTEM_PROMPT` | No       | The default system prompt used to ask initial question | Check `_default_rag_query_text` variable in `search4all.py`
| `RELATED_QUESTIONS_SYSTEM_PROMPT` | No       | The default prompt used to generate further questions  | Check `_default_related_questions_query_text` variable in `search4all.py`



## TODO
- [ ] Support Lepton
- [ ] Support continuous search
- [ ] Support More LLMs
- [x] Support Searxng Search
- [x] Support Claude
- [x] Support Groq
- [x] Support back to home when searching
- [x] Support continuous talk about the results
- [x] Support Google Analytics
- [x] Support the related questions by function calling
- [x] Support the Docker
- [x] Support the Docker-Compose
- [x] Support the Zeabur
